Development guide (#252)
iterative/terraform-provider-iterative: README.md

## License

Iterative Provider is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](LICENSE).

## Development

### Install Go 1.17+

Refer to the [official documentation](https://golang.org/doc/install) for specific instructions.

### Clone the repository

```console
git clone https://github.com/iterative/terraform-provider-iterative
cd terraform-provider-iterative
```

### Install the provider

Build the provider and install the resulting binary to the [local mirror directory](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/config/config-file.html#implied-local-mirror-directories):

```console
make install
```

### Create a test file

> Create a file named `main.tf` on an empty directory with the follwing contents:

Reviewer: Typo: follwing -> following
Create a file on a directory -> create a file in a directory

Author: ```suggestion
Create a file named `main.tf` in an empty directory with the following contents:
```

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    iterative = {
      source = "github.com/iterative/iterative"
    }
  }
}

provider "iterative" {}

# ... paste resource blocks from
# ... the documentation examples
```

> **Note:** specify `source = "github.com/iterative/iterative"` instead of `source = "iterative/iterative"` in order to use your local build, as opposed to downloading the latest stable release from the internet.

Reviewer: I think we can drop "from the internet" and just say "as opposed to downloading the latest stable release."

### Initialize the provider

> Run this command after every `make install` in order to use the new build:

Reviewer: in order to -> to

Same meaning, less wordy.

Author: ```suggestion
Run this command after every `make install` in to use the new build:
```
